README.md, before:

# Substrate Node Template

[![Try on playground](https://img.shields.io/badge/Playground-Node_Template-brightgreen?logo=Parity%20Substrate)](https://docs.substrate.io/playground/) [![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/matrix/substrate-technical:matrix.org)](https://matrix.to/#/#substrate-technical:matrix.org)

A fresh FRAME-based [Substrate](https://www.substrate.io/) node, ready for hacking :rocket:

### Rust Setup

First, complete the [basic Rust setup instructions](./docs/rust-setup.md).

### Run

Use Rust's native `cargo` command to build and launch the template node:

```sh
cargo run --release
```

### Build

The `cargo run` command will perform an initial build. Use the following command to build the node
without launching it:

```sh
cargo build --release
```

## Run

The provided `cargo run` command will launch a temporary node and its state will be discarded after
you terminate the process. After the project has been built, there are other ways to launch the
node.

### Single-Node Development Chain

This command will start the single-node development chain with non-persistent state:

```bash
./target/release/node-template --dev
```

> Development chain means that the state of our chain will be in a tmp folder while the nodes are
> running. Also, **alice** account will be authority and sudo account as declared in the
> [genesis state](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/blob/main/node/src/chain_spec.rs#L49).
> At the same time the following accounts will be pre-funded:
>
> - Alice (Sudo or Root Origin by default)
> - Bob
> - Alice//stash
> - Bob//stash

### Connect with Polkadot-JS Apps Front-end

Once the node template is running locally, you can connect it with **Polkadot-JS Apps** front-end
to interact with your chain. [Click
here](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer?rpc=ws://localhost:9944) connecting the Apps to your
local node template.

Commit message:

readme update along with youtube video link

README.md, after:

# Substrate Node Template

[![Try on playground](https://img.shields.io/badge/Playground-Node_Template-brightgreen?logo=Parity%20Substrate)](https://docs.substrate.io/playground/) [![Matrix](https://img.shields.io/matrix/substrate-technical:matrix.org)](https://matrix.to/#/#substrate-technical:matrix.org)

A fresh FRAME-based [Substrate](https://www.substrate.io/) node, ready for hacking :rocket:

### Rust Setup

First, complete the [basic Rust setup instructions](./docs/rust-setup.md).

### Run

Use Rust's native `cargo` command to build and launch the template node:

```sh
cargo run --release
```

### Build

The `cargo run` command will perform an initial build. Use the following command to build the node
without launching it:

```sh
cargo build --release
```

### Test

The below command will execute all the test cases defined in /pallets/pallet_club?src/test.rs file

```sh
cargo test -p pallet_club
```

## Run

The provided `cargo run` command will launch a temporary node and its state will be discarded after
you terminate the process. After the project has been built, there are other ways to launch the
node.

### Single-Node Development Chain

> Development chain means that the state of our chain will be in a tmp folder while the nodes are
> running. Also, **alice** account will be authority and sudo account as declared in the
> [genesis state](https://github.com/substrate-developer-hub/substrate-node-template/blob/main/node/src/chain_spec.rs#L49).
> At the same time the following accounts will be pre-funded:
>
> - Alice (Sudo or Root Origin by default)
> - Bob
> - Alice//stash
> - Bob//stash

This command will start the single-node development chain with non-persistent state:

```bash
./target/release/node-template --dev
```

> Above code will run the blockchain node in local machine port : 9944

```
ws://127.0.0.1:9944

```

### Connect with Polkadot-JS Apps Front-end

Once the node template is running locally, you can connect it with **Polkadot-JS Apps** front-end
to interact with your chain. [Click
here](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/explorer?rpc=ws://localhost:9944) connecting the Apps to your
local node template.

### Youtube video of overall flow

```
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyW_nlNI_ZQ

```
